## Mar-16-2024
Was messing around with org-mode in emacs.
## Sep-16-2024
Git pushed my notes online.
## Oct-1-2024
Moving into Oakville.
## Oct-10-2024
Started working at KrakenSense as an 'electrical assembler with software support'.
## Oct 2024 Retrospective
I'm loving my job at KrakenSense but I often feel a sense of imposter syndrome and like I'm waiting on something to do.
## Nov-28-2024
Lost Grandpa today. Even with bladder removed the area grew masses, spread to the liver and lymph nodes.
## Dec-07-2024
Grandpa's funeral
## Dec-16-2024
### Cost Breakdown for Your Matcha Tea
1. **Matcha**  
	 - Cost: **$25 for 80 g**  
	 - Serving: 6 matcha spoons (~6 g per serving)  
	 - Cost per serving: $1.875
2. **Sugar**  
	 - Cost: **$12.58 for 500 g**  
	 - Serving: 2 teaspoons (~8.4 g)  
	 - Cost per serving: $0.211
3. **Almond Milk**  
	 - Cost: **$4.69 for 1.75 L**  
	 - Serving: 2 teaspoons (~10 mL)  
	 - Cost per serving: $0.027
4. **Collagen Creamer**  
	 - Cost: **$28 for 220 g**  
	 - Serving: ~10 g per scoop  
	 - Cost per serving: $1.273
**Each cup of matcha tea costs approximately $3.39 CAD.**
## Dec-20-2024
Workplace presentations and party. I did my presentation on IT stuff. Gave Blizzard his dnd notebook and ginger cookies. Jamal got me a bottle of Bailey's and a book (Genome). By the time we got to the restaurant the room was spinning, but with good food and water I came back down. The club after was too loud. Blizzard drove me home.
## Dec-24-2024
Stayed at my parents place for two weeks. Tried Linux disto hopping on my old ASUS laptop, settled on EndeavourOS (ez mode arch) since that was the only one I could get my legacy Broadcom and Nvidia stuff working.
