#TODO Move google drive
## December, 2023
I had a dream that we were playing an old mmo. We were on a time locked progression server with double exp and catch-up mechanics. We found a guild leader who was willing to carry and gear us despite us being pretty casual. He was just happy to have people playing (reminded me of kimo for some reason). Emp was fire mage, Kenji some kind of tank, I was surprisingly a rogue, and billy changed in dream way between shadow knight, ranger, and something else can't remember. Lin and Lannern were there as a druids.  
When I woke up I thought it was about Everquest, and thought "welp that's never going to happen". A few of us actually ended up playing classic WoW for a bit soon after this.
## January 28, 2024
- Context: I've been playing POE and learning coding design patterns lately.  
I had a dream where there was a huge park behind an apartment complex that had become infested with giant spiders and quarantined because the city had installed cheap short wireless range extenders that attracted them instead of doing things the proper way. I was walking the nearby path with a couple friends and had an epiphany that I could wrap a fireball spell in a monodic endofunctor then iterate that along a node-map binary tree to cause a huge explosion for very little mana. I charged the spell up in my one hand as I mapped the nodes in my mind, then passed it to my other hand and snapped my fingers and all the spiders and towers blew up. Everyone came out of the apartments to celebrate and asked me how I'm so powerful so I tried to explain how computer science and magic are similar but they all just looked at me weird. I think I understand monoids now.
## March 24, 2024
I was at a bank cashing a welfare check, when a heist broke out. I just didn't give a shit and was like 'ugh just kill me now I can't deal with this shit' and they took pity on me and asked me to join their heist crew. I ended up being a super useful hacker so they gave me a new identity and brought me along on their touring bus and introduced me to the criminal underworld. I was like 'well I guess this is my life now, at least it has purpose, to fight the man'. Then I woke up.
## April 13, 2024
- I was working on some math homework. It had large exponent numbers that I was converting from little endian to big endian values. I had little idea what I was doing, but just winged it. After a couple hours getting the questions on the front done through brute forcing, I flipped the sheet over only to realise there wasn't more questions rather the instructions on how to simply do it. I checked my answers and I had guessed half of them right, I wanted to perfect it so I started over. I poured myself a glass of pineapple juice, and prayed a eucharist to Dionysius to make it alcoholic because I didn't want to redo this shit sober. I feel like the use of alcohol was in moderation, to get myself out of my own way and deal with option paralysis.
- I was flying around some convention/mall/flea market. I had all three of my wings out (purple, white, black). Most people couldn't see me. I felt something was off and I was looking for the sense of trouble calling me. At some game event I had a vision of a silenced gun with armour piercing bullets hidden in a drawer. I revealed myself to one young asian guy there and showed him where it was and told him to bring security, reassuring him he's not liable. As I continued flying around one black woman running one of the stalls complemented my wings and suddenly all eyes turned to notice me so I thanked her and peaced out.
- I was in a minecraft server flying around, trying to find a girl who invited me there. I had no idea where I was and was wandering around. Some guy started to mess with me so I stood up and walked into a hallway where there where guys on laptops. I had to idea which was the one that was trolling me. I talked to a dude who told me to stay mindful and enjoy the journey but I told him I need to save my mindfulness for once I find my woman. Walking by I realised which guy had been trolling me, so I carefully slipped some weak poison in his drink to cause him to leave for the washroom. I used my clairvoyance to type in his password, and discovered he had a big list of people he was trolling and their personal information that he was collecting. I deleted all his entries and blacklisted the people he was messing with to protect myself and others and walked away. After searching for awhile I found the village the girl was building, and noticed the town's event was her 'date with a king day'. Thinking I was the king I looked around until some guy named 'The King' with admin powers showed up and one shot me with his sword. He asked what I thought I was doing there. I used hacks to obfuscate myself and found the girl building a house. The King told her some guy named Vallent was stalking her and she said 'Oh no that's my holy guardian incubus'. The King got really pissed and banned her with slurs in the ban message embarrassing her on stream. Luckily I had scanned her village and copied it to my own minecraft server. There was a lot of themes of hacking, espionage, and dangerous limerance.
## April 16, 2024
I was working on some assignment to disassemble an antique puzzle box. In hidden compartments I found letters, some of which were evidence to past crimes. I found a gaming magazine from the 90s and got distracted. A supervisor/teacher figure asked how I was doing and I felt embarrassed that I had gotten distracted until I realised I got a ton of work done, far more than anyone else had. I feel like while digging through the hidden contents of my mind I had uncovered some nostalgia, and reminded myself to take breaks.
## April 28, 2024
I had a weird dream where I was a kid in middle school and an alien built like a thin diablo/Aliens/faceless void's head/thin man from pam's labyrinth was invading so I ran down the hallway while it kept checking the classrooms. I ran into the teachers lounge, which was a dead end so I along with some others hid in the teacher's washroom stalls. The alien came in and in the first one stall saw someone through the crack between the door and killed them. The second one had a cover on the crack, but the alien could see over the stall and killed them. The third stall had a cover and tall door, but the alien could stick it's head under the bottom of the door and killed them. The last one I was hiding it had a full door, covered the crack, and a strong dead bolt to lock it. The alien tried punching it down but it held. Later a cop checks the washroom and rescues me. The screen fades out and a woman narrator says 'There may not be aliens but there sure are predators' and it has some 'Mothers Advocate for Privacy' group with a logo that looks like the UN on it. A nightmarish fucking PSA ad for washroom privacy.
## July 7, 2024
 I had this really detailed dream that valve released Dota: Idle Heroes a mobile gacha idle version of dota. It had auto battles so you just pick a team of 5 and watch them battle it out. There's hero counters and synergies so you want to change your lineup around. You would summon heroes with ancient shards and melt down heroes into radiant/dire/str/agi/int/carry/supp/off/mid shards which were used with copies of the hero to evolve it. There was position based exp cards to level the heroes. You would use gold to gacha items and copies to evolve them and equip them to your various heroes or combine them into new items. There was an arena and guild pvp modes where you set your teams and they battle it out and you get mmr/guild mmr which resets every week, max rank per season and sends rewards for rank. There was player cards you could equip which changed effects like singsing's had 'Shoot Arrow, hit Arrow' which made Mirana's stun guaranteed. The steam account login used your dota items inventory so the main game's items could be used in the mobile game and earn new items. This made all the bot item farmers move to the mobile game. It cut to a documentary where Gaben was talking about preventing FOMO, and a yearly rotation of events to prevent content bloat. I was at a tournament, kissing a goth gf in the front row when the camera man zoomed in and ODPixel called me out on it over the PA and the embarrassment made the dream end. Good dream.
## March 21, 2025
Context: After Winston's birthday party I got home still kinda drunk at midnight. I had a dream my workplace had a mouse infestation and I was successfully catching them in my hands and making jokes about my cat like reflexes, but I didn't have the viciousness required to kill them so I let them go. My boss was mad I wasn't solving the problem so I asked Winston for help and he made a robot dog (instead of a cat?) that pounced the mice to break their spine and kill them. But the sensor that detects if the mouse was dead was malfunctioning so it just kept humping the dead mouse. I woke up at 5:30 in the morning weirded out as fuck and couldn't get back to sleep after that insane shit.